# Idle Breakout Unblocked
Idle Breakout modernizes the Atari classic Game. Classic breakout for the Atari was a superb game. This modern idle game, however, takes the genre to the next level. During the game, you have to click the colored blocks to earn cash. Each block you click earns you a set fee - this can be upgraded. You can then use the cash to purchase breakout balls and upgrades so that you can smash the blocks faster.
For being an idle game that doesn’t take much effort on the players’ part, there is a surprising amount of strategy that goes into Idle Breakout. While there are many different strategies, we recommend that you don’t try and hoard your money too much. Start off with buying a few of the basic balls, and then work your way up to the plasma balls, the second cheapest option. Spending your money quickly tends to be efficient, and when it is financially feasible to buy the next upgrade then go for it.
All the balls inside this game can be randomly added, and the more money you get, the more balls you can add. Since everything is idly done, you can sit and watch as the gameplay unfolds in front of your eyes. The game also has upgrades for speed, power and click speed. This is pushing the boundaries and it allows you to improve how you play, while having a whole lot of fun all the time.
Just click on a brick to break it and score points. Use points to purchase new balls with different abilities and upgrade them. Balls will automatically bounce and break bricks to score more points.
